feat: graduate no-compute example as a vpc pattern (#378)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone: README.md

- The virtual server (VSI) pattern deploys identical virtual servers across the VSI subnet tier in each VPC
- The Red Hat OpenShift Kubernetes (ROKS) pattern deploys identical clusters across the VSI subnet tier in each VPC

> - The VPC pattern deploys networking infrastructure layer without any compute resources (no VSI, nor OpenShift cluster)

Reviewer: Reuse from subdirectory readme

```suggestion
- The VPC pattern deploys a simple IBM Cloud VPC infrastructure without any compute resources like VSIs or Red Hat OpenShift clusters
```

Also seems like the order here should be
1. vpc
2. vsi
3. roks
(see comment at line 38 about the table of images)

- The mixed pattern provisions both of these elements

For more information about the default configuration, see [Default Secure Landing Zone configuration](.docs/pattern-defaults.md).

> | Virtual server pattern           | Red Hat OpenShift pattern        | VPC pattern                    | Mixed pattern                      |

Reviewer: Seems like we would want to show the patterns in "order" from left to right with VPC first because it's the base. (At least from a deployable architectures POV.)
1. VPC
2. VSI
3. ROKs
4. Mixed

- [VSI pattern input variables](./patterns/vsi/variables.tf)
- [ROKS pattern input variables](./patterns/roks/variables.tf)
- [VPC pattern input variables](./patterns/vpc/variables.tf)

> - [Mixed pattern input variables](./patterns/mixed/variables.tf)

Reviewer: If we reorder the images, match that here?

  )
```

#### vsi variable

> Note - vsi image changes are not handled through the module to avoid data loss / outage.

Reviewer: This comment isn't clear to me. Which image are we taking about? 

However it changes, rephrase in the active voice. For example, 
You can't make changes to the VSI image with this module. That restriction is in place so that you don't inadvertently create an outage or lose data

(or something to that effect)
